Add instructions for preparing a release (#91)
punditcommunity/pundit-matchers: RELEASE.md

# Steps for Preparing a Release

1. Merge any relevant pull requests into the `main` branch.
2. Pull down the latest version of the `main` branch.

   `git pull origin main`

3. Update `CHANGELOG.md` with the current date, new gem version, and release notes.
4. Update the `Installation` section of `README.md` to list the new gem version.
5. Update the value of `s.version` in `pundit-matchers.gemspec` to use the new gem version.
6. Run the `bundle` command.
7. Commit the release changes to the `main` branch, e.g:

   `git commit -am "Release version 1.0.0"`

8. Push the changes up to GitHub:

   `git push origin main`
   
9. Verify that all CI jobs pass.

10. Build the gem:

    `gem build pundit-matchers.gemspec`
   
11. Publish the gem to rubygems.org, e.g:

    `gem push pundit-matchers-1.0.0.gem`
   
12. Create a tag for the release, prefixed with a `v`, e.g:

    `git tag v1.0.0`

13. Push the tag to GitHub:

>     `git push origin --tags`

Reviewer: automatized by `rake release` (please check the main comment)

Author: I used `rake release` for the last two releases and it has worked well. I'll update the instructions to include this.

> 10. Build the gem:
> 
>     `gem build pundit-matchers.gemspec`
>    
> 11. Publish the gem to rubygems.org, e.g:
> 
>     `gem push pundit-matchers-1.0.0.gem`
>    
> 12. Create a tag for the release, prefixed with a `v`, e.g:
> 
>     `git tag v1.0.0`
> 
> 13. Push the tag to GitHub:
> 
>     `git push origin --tags`
> 
> 14. Create a GitHub release, using the tag for the release name, at the following URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Release the gem:

    `bundle exec rake release`

    This command automates the gem release process by building the gem file, publishing it to RubyGems.org, creating a release tag with a version number prefixed by `v`, and pushing the tag to GitHub, simplifying the steps required to distribute and mark a specific version of the gem.

11. Create a GitHub release, using the tag for the release name, at the following URL:
```

# Steps for Preparing a Release

1. Merge any relevant pull requests into the `main` branch.
2. Pull down the latest version of the `main` branch.

   `git pull origin main`

3. Checkout a new branch for the release from `main`, e.g.

   `git checkout -b release-version-1.0.0`

4. Update `CHANGELOG.md` with the current date, new gem version, and release
   notes.
5. Update the `Installation` section of `README.md` to list the new gem version.
6. Update the value of `s.version` in `pundit-matchers.gemspec` to use the new
   gem version.
7. Run the `bundle` command to include the new gem version in `Gemfile.lock`.
8. Commit the release changes to the branch, e.g:

   `git commit -am "Release version 1.0.0"`

9. Push the changes up to GitHub:

   `git push origin release-version-1.0.0`

10. Verify that all CI jobs pass.

11. Build the gem:

    `gem build pundit-matchers.gemspec`

> 

Reviewer: 99% confident this is not needed with rake release (it's the first step of rake release)

Author: You're right. I've removed this step.
